# Entry 1

   For my freedom project, I have looked through many topics and trying to decide what interests me. As an indecisive person, I didn't know which topic to choose. I tried going into zoology, oceanography, medicine, financial, etc. I spend quite time scrolling and searching. While I was looking through options, I thought of my life issues seeing if they can relate. I started thinking about what I had trouble with or never did accomplished. It wasn't until one of my friends said that I am a money spender. It's true. Any time when there's money given to me, I'd usually go out with my friends and shop and eat. I tried saving my money multiple times but never did so. I'm pretty sure that there are people like me who have this same kind of issue. According to the site, https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/science-choice/201801/10-reasons-why-people-spend-too-much, shopping addiction and self-justification were two of the main reasons why people spend so much money. Therefore, I want to help those who are attempting to save money, especially teenagers. In the end, I decided to do something related to financial. 
   I'm currently a junior in HSTAT and taking SEP as my third year. Being a junior, I have to get ready and determine which college I want to go to and know what I want to major in by the end of the high school year.  Since colleges are expensive, there's financial aid provided for us. It's how one will get money from the government and from the college they are attending to help pay for their tuition. Knowing this, I can inform those students who aren't alert to this issue so that they don't have to pay all the bills. Also, when forming this project, I would want to include a step-by-step on how to spend certain limits of cash. This is because we never keep track of what we are buying or even wasting on, so we never come to realize how much we spent.   
   Throughout the process of selecting my topic, I focused on the skill of having a growth-mindset and consideration. I was patient enough since I understand that finding a topic which I'm fully interested in would take a while. Since we are building things that are meant to be used by other people, I need to consider the impact of what I will be creating.

[Home](../README.md)
